Update !clean to support a configurable default value (#1823)
SexualRhinoceros/MusicBot: README.md

**About this branch**

> This branch of MusicBot is only compatible with the `rewrite` version of the discord.py library, which can be installed using `python3 -m pip install -U git+https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py@rewrite#egg=discord.py[voice]`. Since it is a dependency in `requirements.txt`, the library should be automatically installed with running `update.py`.

Reviewer: if we're changing it from `by the bot if you run`, let's make sure it sounds grammatically pleasing. I think a more appropriate replacement here is, 
```Suggestion
This branch of MusicBot is only compatible with the `rewrite` version of the discord.py library, which can be installed running the following in a command prompt `python3 -m pip install -U discord.py[voice]`
Since it is a dependency in; `requirements.txt`, the library will be automatically installed upon running `update.py`.
```

---

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/Just-Some-Bots/MusicBot.svg?style=flat-square)](https://just-some-bots.github.io/MusicBot/)
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.5%2C%203.6-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
[![Discord](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/129489631539494912/widget.png?style=shield)](https://discord.gg/bots)

> MusicBot is the original Discord music bot written in [Python](https://www.python.org "Python homepage") 3.5+, using the [discord.py](https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py) library. It plays requested songs from YouTube and other services into a Discord server (or multiple servers). Besides, if the queue becomes empty MusicBot will play through a list of existing songs with configuration. The bot features a permission system allowing owners to restrict commands to certain people. As well as playing songs, MusicBot is capable of streaming live media into a voice channel (experimental).

Reviewer: Maybe lets say;
```suggestion
MusicBot is the original Discord music bot written for [Python](https://www.python.org "Python homepage") 3.5+, using the [discord.py](https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py) library. It plays requested songs, from YouTube and other services, into a Discord server (or multiple servers) other features include an autoplayist that is configurable. When enabled this will allow the bot to play through it when the current song queue is empty.  The bot features a robust permission system allowing owners to restrict commands to certain roles, and users. As well as restricting the bot to a certain channel and much more.
```

![Main](https://i.imgur.com/EZljY52.png)

## Setup

> Setting up the MusicBot is relatively painless - just follow one of the [guides](https://just-some-bots.github.io/MusicBot/). After that, configure the bot to ensure its connection to Discord.

Reviewer: Why do we need to change this one?
